the gamescom is coming and we
are already looking forward to the big announcement
future games
but what you will play in the near future
you may experience in our months
Preview of pc games in august
the very first august appears with
sacred 3 the next part of the popular
hack n slay series with the help
different fighting spirit you are allowed
by all kinds of bad guys
threatened world ancaria fight
you can choose between five
decide different heroes
of course also played in co-op mode
can be like the one wayward
humor and the gameplay with the fans
arrives we already know in a few
meet
after fans of the streetfighter
series the fourth part already in june
to upgrade to the ultra version
all players can serve and
not the base version of the game you
own name
on the 8th august then look forward to it
appears ultra street fighter 4
as a separate box version new
Fighter Six New Stage It's A New Fight
boni and an improved team
combat mode should then be the prefix
ultra justify
with risen 3 the next part appears
The popular RPG series from
piranha bytes the German
Developer Studio is through the gothic
become known even though the child
wears a different name can tear
his gothic roots do not deny
the rough credible but also smaller
world is packed with real types
So no 08 15 m pcs also the typical
piranha bytes humor is back with by
the lot
From the 15th of august you can open up
the forests villages and caves of taranis
looking forward
metro fans beware on 26 august
appear metro last light and the
predecessor metro 2033 in the rhi dax bundle
the editorial team of the players value the
already beautiful graphics anyway
once on and include all download
extensions metro in 2033 was in terms of
graphic artificial intelligence and weapons
handling on his successor
aligned in the year 2010
published game becomes much fresher
with king's bounty darkside shining as
Game for all lovers of rounds
tactical game the game could be considered one
copy of heroes of might magic
be considered
this is exactly the other way around
because the first part of the king's bounty
series that appeared in 1990 was the
unofficial predecessors of the us series
whether king's bounty dax since his
you will learn about the legacy
the 28th of august
and another game of deep silver that
this place appears wasted 2 is the
successor of the 1988 appeared in the
wasteland and plays in one
Alternate timeline in this was
the world at the end of the twentieth
century through a nuclear war
destroy that by kickstarter
funded roleplaying is done by fans
the first part eagerly awaited
and is allowed from the 29th of august finally
nesting on the home pc
lure you some of the mentioned games
behind the stove or save here
on the upcoming blockbuster of the game
autumn writes it in us
comments area